Add package readmes (#91210)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.Data.Odbc/src/PACKAGE.md

## About

This package implements a data provider for ODBC data sources.

## Key Features

Allows access to legacy ODBC data sources.

## How to Use

> This is a basic example of retrieving the results of a query using an `OdbcDataReader`. For examples of using an `OdbcDataAdapter`, and of updating an ODBC data source, please see the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a basic example of retrieving the results of a query using an [OdbcDataReader](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.odbc.odbcdatareader). For examples of using an [OdbcDataAdapter](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.odbc.odbcdataadapter), and of updating an ODBC data source, please see the documentation.
```

```cs
string queryString = "SELECT DISTINCT CustomerID FROM Orders";
using (OdbcConnection connection = new OdbcConnection(connectionString))
{
    OdbcCommand command = new OdbcCommand(queryString, connection);
    connection.Open();
    OdbcDataReader reader = command.ExecuteReader();

    while (reader.Read())
    {
        Console.WriteLine("CustomerID={0}", reader[0]);
    }

    reader.Close();
}
```

## Main Types

> * `OdbcDataAdapter` represents a set of data commands and a database connection that are used to fill a `DataSet` and update the ODBC data source.
> * `OdbcDataReader` provides a way of reading a forward-only stream of data rows from an ODBC data source.
> * `OdbcCommand` represents an SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against an ODBC data source..
> * `OdbcConnection` represents an open connection to an ODBC data source.

Reviewer: Just moved the lines around a bit and added links

```suggestion
* [OdbcConnection](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.odbc.odbcconnection) represents a connection to an ODBC data source.
* [OdbcCommand](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.odbc.odbccommand) represents an SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against an ODBC data source..
* [OdbcDataReader](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.odbc.odbcdatareader) provides a way of reading a forward-only stream of data rows from an ODBC data source.
* [OdbcDataAdapter](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.odbc.odbcdataadapter) represents a set of data commands and a database connection that are used to fill a [DataSet](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.data.dataset) and update the ODBC data source.
```
